Update changelog for Fields page performance (#211)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: CHANGELOG.md

## 2022-11-17
| What's new | 
| :--------- |

> | We have improved the performance of the Fields page to better support graphs with a large number of fields (> 1000).

Reviewer: I'd say if we include this change that we should be super explicit about fixing _part_ of the problem but not all of the problem, and that we're working on solutions to better handle the other issues.  Alternatively, wait until we've finished the improvements to handling the stats loading / errors UX and announce them together.

> | We have improved the performance of the Fields page to better support graphs with a large number of fields (> 1000). Also, Fields page request timeouts experienced by large graphs (> 5000 fields) are now handled more gracefully and instead omit operation usage and field execution metrics from the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We have improved the performance of the Fields page to better support graphs with a large number of fields. 
 For the largest of graphs (> 5000 fields) we now omit usage metrics and encourage you to navigate to [individual field pages](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/backend/performance/field-level-insights-in-studio/) for field-level insights.
```
